Azure Kubernets docs (#1220)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/the-things-stack/host/kubernetes/self-managed/preparation/_index.md

---
title: "Preparation"
description: ""
weight: 2
aliases: [/getting-started/kubernetes/self-managed/preparation]
---

> {{% tts %}} requires a few secret values to be configured. In this step, we generate them and store them for further use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tts %}} requires a few secret values to be configured. In this section, we show how to generate them and store them for further use.
```
